hello what are doing today ?
i am good , i just got off work and tired , i have two jobs .
do you have any cats ? I really love them .
=====
hi ! how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing great . just relaxing with my two dogs .
great . in my spare time i do volunteer work .
that is neat . what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
i work in a homeless shelter in my town .
good for you . do you like vintage cars ? i have two older mustangs .
cool . not really into cars . my day job is wrestling .
cars are my thing . vintage cars . i love working on them . wrestling ? do you enjoy it ?
yes , i love the crowds , getting to know people .
i did not think about the crowd aspect of wrestling . i do not like crowds .
understood . when i need to be alone , i work out a few times each week .
i agree . working out is a great way to burn off steam . do you like country music ?
a little bit . i can get into taylor swift .
lol . she is more pop now . her old stuff was country . i like classic country .
=====
hello , how are you doing ?
i love spending time with my family
that is great , me too ! i am married and my husband and i have 2 children .
so then have you ever been to disneyland ?
no , we recently purchased a new house , so we cannot afford it . have you ?
yes i love mickey mouse such a cute little rat
i enjoy going to concerts , i see the rolling stones every year .
man your lucky i am a baby delivery nurse and the pay sucks
maybe you should consider going back to school . i did . i major in economics .
i have to walk 3 miles to work to save money everyday what do you do ?
i mostly eat a fresh and raw diet , so i save on groceries .
your economic skills are amazing
thank you very much ! i am sure you are a great nurse .
i am a ok nurse i have dripped some babies though but i am getting better
=====
hi how are you doing ? i am okay how about you ?
i am doing good . just sipping tea . what do you do for work ?
i used to do home health aide but now i am disabled .
i am sorry to hear that . what happened
i graduated and got my license worked a while and became i will .
so what do you do now for fun ? i like to read .
i have dogs and i walk them . and a cat .
what kind of dogs do you have ?
i enjoy reading read about michael jackson and psychology today .
i love reading . i have a big library at my house .
that is very nice i love to read to and read about journals .
i have a tough time hearing so reading is my happy place .
cool that is okay . my mom was very tough on me .
i work as a hearing impaired museum tour guide .